Updated serverless troubleshooting (#18079)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/troubleshooting-page.md

## CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.serverless }}

### Delayed cluster access

> To enhance security, CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.serverless }} uses authentication throttling tracked per proxy and per (client IP, serverless cluster) pair. This means if multiple login attempts fail (due to wrong passwords or brute force attacks), access is temporarily delayed, with the wait time increasing after each attempt (up to an hour).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enhance security, CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.serverless }} uses authentication throttling tracked per proxy and per (client IP, serverless cluster) pair. This means if multiple login attempts fail on the same client to the same cluster (for example, due to repeated incorrect passwords or brute force attacks), access is temporarily delayed, with the wait time increasing after each attempt (up to an hour).
```

> To enhance security, CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.serverless }} uses authentication throttling tracked per proxy and per (client IP, serverless cluster) pair. This means if multiple login attempts fail, access is temporarily delayed, with the wait time increasing after each attempt (up to an hour). Wrong passwords, brute force attacks, or SQL proxy rollouts may activate the throttling mechanism.

Reviewer 2: SQL Proxy rollouts should not trigger the throttling mechanism, or it's a bug. Can we remove this?

Author: According to the issue description, SQL Proxy rollouts can trigger the mechanism: https://cockroachlabs.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-8686 
(I might have read that wrong tho)

Author: Oh, this might already be [fixed](https://cockroachlabs.atlassian.net/browse/CC-25314). Is the note still relevant for wrong passwords and brute force attacks?

Author: @daniel-crlabs Oh, this might already be [fixed](https://cockroachlabs.atlassian.net/browse/CC-25314). Is the note still relevant for wrong passwords and brute force attacks?

Reviewer 3: This is an edge case that I don't think is worth documenting. If we do document it, we need to clarify the phrasing because rollouts are not the primary cause of the throttling. 

The sql proxy remembers successful authentications. So if a client IP address has ever successfully connected to a specific cluster, future connections from that client IP will not be throttled, even if the client IP starts to generate authentication errors.

The fact that a client ip has authenticated in the past is tracked in memory. So sometimes a user will start seeing a throttling error after a roll out, but only if their password is misconfigured. The primary cause is the misconfiguration, but the roll out is why they start seeing throttling errors instead of only seeing authentication failed errors.

Reviewer 3: The throttle still exists, but it only kicks in if the user generates authentication failures. If the sql server is down, that is no longer counted as an authentication failure.

Reviewer 2: I don't think it's worth making such a fine distinction in our docs. SQL proxy rollouts are an internal detail, and the impact here is only in the case where there's a misconfigured password, which the docs mention already.

Author: Removed the reference to SQL Proxy rollouts

<h4>Solution</h4>

> If you are experiencing persistent access issues, ensure password configurations are correct or [contact support](https://support.cockroachlabs.com/).

Reviewer: I guess I'm not sure what this means. I think an admin could reset their password for them -- maybe we should just say contact a cluster administrator or Cockroach Labs support?

Author: Wrong passwords can trigger auth throttling. Is that unclear from the text?

Reviewer: "ensure password configurations are correct" I guess I'm not sure what this means.

Author: Reworded it to say "ensure that the password is correct"

If you've reached your storage or RU limit, you can [increase your resource limits]({% link cockroachcloud/serverless-cluster-management.md %}#edit-your-resource-limits) and then re-run the query.

> If you've only reached your RU limit, you can wait until the next billing cycle when [monthly free RUs]({% link cockroachcloud/plan-your-cluster-serverless.md %}#free-vs-paid-usage) become available and then re-run the query.

Reviewer 4: @Amruta-Ranade what is the change here?

Author: Oh, I think I just deleted an empty last line.
